hello and welcome to a pixel mode video
you're here with those three again for
another game of mob hunt and we have got
ourselves a new posh and swanky arena
feast your eyes upon this guy's sink
your teeth into this delectable I saw
three two one let's go ok so this
thrilling final of mob punt who will
come out victorious well it's obviously
gonna be me
it's the inviting under the game so far
I'm it's kind of good that we each won
one because it it's led up to this big
finale which for us guys is going to be
ridiculously tense and I'm already
shaking my hands are actually shaking
wow you know the sad um when you're
shaking what's blooming on a video game
em do me can I just say we spent all
this time putting in the mine cart
tracks and has been on than a certain
ladder no guarantee on do me there's
just test difficult or looking sad at
the sides oh look at that one checking
out the pig deer was an appalling shot
oh look at that one checking out the pig
dear
I was an appalling shot oh I thought
that was somebody I was like dead
certain that with somebody hmm oh dear
oh oh oh dear tempted into density panic
panic oh that just bounce off me iris do
those dear so go dear there's a cow
running around yet know what a shot ok
so now it's just me and Alex it's good
thing we've got this urge or view things
going on yeah yeah ok listen to be good
what your disguise does Alex like I'm
gonna tell you I just thought I shot you
but it wasn't you know you've no idea
how did you know that I was like cow
whoever shot me first so you firing our
test difficult on the edge Oh down
and then I shut you once and left it for
a while and shot yeah then you owe ranna
what the hell was that Joe that with you
but cuz you were so big I don't know
when you turned into okay come on some
daring tactics there i think is a
pacifica villager by the name i think so
are you I can see you me don't fall for
his mind games ah I can see me you knows
I'm a villager why they're sick squids
your general checking now aren't ya only
five don't worry do me I mean Alex likes
his chickens so I'm Josh I'm think it
counts tell me
then yeah you're like spicy can I just
give you an updated count on the number
of chickens yeah please there's one wait
no there's possibly misty 403 wait oh
wow they disappear oh hello goodbye
hello goodbye hello goodbye okay sweet I
couldn't see them from up there why they
dis have no idea on who jurors know and
then we're going to give me to the
devious clues from up here some daringly
dastardly dangerously ow who just
bounced an hour off my face some
daringly dastardly dangerously ow who
just bounced an hour off my face no you
stood next to each other that's quality
all right Alex congratulations would you
like your reward oh yeah yes please yeah
band ok guys thanks for watching another
episode of mob hunt hope you enjoyed
this series we've got some more series
in the works so stay tuned for those and
anything else try and make sure you keep
looking out for the video announcing who
gets to play some games with us we'll be
picking more than one person I reckon ok
lots about riches nice